PURESEC&trade; END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Version 1 (January 2019)

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, AND/OR USING THE SOFTWARE.
By clicking the "accept", “I agree”, “I confirm” (or similar) button and/or downloading, installing, and/or using the Software (defined below), you expressly acknowledge and agree that you are entering into a legal agreement with the PureSec entity set out in Section 11 (Governing Law; PureSec Entity) below ("PureSec", we", "us" or "our"), and understand and agree to comply with, and be legally bound by, these terms and conditions (the "Agreement"). You hereby waive any applicable rights to require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records, to the extent not prohibited under applicable law. If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, please do not download, install or use the Software.
You warrant and represent that you have the right to enter into this Agreement, on behalf of your company or other entity, if applicable (“Customer” “You” or “Your”), and have obtained all necessary consents for the provision of any materials and data to PureSec for use in accordance with this Agreement. The parties herein may be referred to individually as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties".
1. GRANT OF LIMITED LICENSE. Subject to Your compliance with the terms of this Agreement (including the restrictions on use below), PureSec grants to You a limited, personal, perpetual non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable a n d free-of-charge license to use PureSec’s proprietary software product (in machine-readable, object code version only) for which You registered on the PureSec website (the “Software”) solely for Your own internal business or personal use , all as further specified herein (the “License”).
2. RESTRICTIONS ON USE. Other than the rights explicitly granted in this Agreement, You shall have no other rights, express or implied, in the Software. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, You shall not: (i) sell, lease, sublicense, distribute, or otherwise transfer the Software; (ii) allow any third party to use the Software in any manner, excluding third parties providing services on Your behalf, provided that such vendors are bound by restrictions no less strict than those set out in this Agreement, and that You shall remain liable for any breach by such third parties; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software's source code; (iv) modify or enhance the Software; (v) copy or allow copying of the Software; (vi) place the Software onto a server so that it is accessible on a public network; (vii) use the Software to provide third parties with managed services or any other services; (viii) remove, obscure or modify any copyright or other proprietary notices included on or in the Software; (ix) work around any technical limitations in the Software, or use any tool to enable features or functionalities that are disabled in the Software, (x) use the Software for any unlawful purpose, or one that could associate PureSec with any improper purpose (including infringement or misappropriation of any third party intellectual property, privacy, or publicity right), (xi) perform benchmarks or other comparisons of the Software without PureSec's prior written consent; (xii) publish or make availablein anymanner,otherthantoPureSec,anyreviews,opinionsorimpressionsabout the Software, or any features of the Software, including without limitation, by publicizing them in blogs or posting screenshots on the internet; or (xiii) use the Software to develop a product or service that competes with the Software.
  

3. UPDATES AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT. All references herein to the "Software" shall include Updates (defined below) and technical support we provide as well. PureSec may from time to time provide Updates and technical support, but shall not be under any obligation to do so. Such Updates and technical support will be supplied (if at all) according to our then-current internal policies we may have in place, and some Updates may in any event be limited, suspended or restricted by geography, volume, duration or any other criteria decided by PureSec in its sole discretion. In addition, PureSec may cease to provide Updates and/or technical support at any time, with or without notice, in its sole discretion. Updates and technical support may be accompanied by separate or additional terms and conditions, in which case such terms (as determined in such terms and conditions) will either apply instead of or in addition to this Agreement. PureSec may in its sole discretion charge for Updates and/or technical support and/or require additional personal information. As used herein, "Update" means an upgrade, update (such as a fix or patch), or other modification, improvement, enhancement or customization to or of the Software.
4. OWNERSHIP. The intellectual property and all other rights, title and interest of any nature in and to the Software and any related documentation made available by or on behalf of PureSec hereunder (including all configurations, modifications, enhancements, upgrades, customizations and derivative works thereof) are and shall remain the exclusive property of PureSec and its licensors. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as transferring any rights, title or interests to You or any third party. PureSec and its licensors reserve any and all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement. All the information which You provide to PureSec (including feedback data, questions, reports comments, suggestions or the like) regarding the Software (collectively, “Feedback”) shall be deemed to be the exclusive property of PureSec. You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally transfer and assign to PureSec all intellectual property rights in such Feedback and waive any and all moral rights that You may have in respect thereto. You agree to assist PureSec, as reasonably requested and at PureSec’s reasonable expense, in perfecting and enforcing the ownership of such rights. To the extentpermittedbylaw,Youalsowaiveandagreenevertoassertanyandall moralrights that You or Your personnel may have in or with respect to any Feedback.
5. DISCLAIMERS

5.1. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AND MADE AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMER ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT OTHERWISE ARISE FROM A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR DEALING, OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY PURESEC AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS.

5.2. IN ADDITION, NEITHER PURESEC NOR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITION:

5.2.1. REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS, USEFULNESS, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SOFTWARE;
   

5.2.2. THAT CUSTOMER'S USE OF, OR RELIANCE UPON, THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET ANY REQUIRMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS;

5.2.3. THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, ERROR-FREE OR VIRUS-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED; OR

5.2.4. REGARDING THE SATISFACTION OF, OR COMPLIANCE WITH, ANY GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS OR STANDARDS.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

6.1. IN NO EVENT SHALL PURESEC, ANY PURESEC AFFILIATE (DEFINED BELOW), OR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT, FOR:

6.1.1. ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES;

6.1.2. ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS;

6.1.3. ANY LOSS OF, OR DAMAGE TO, DATA, REPUTATION, OR GOODWILL; AND/OR

6.1.4. THE COST OF PROCURING ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES.

6.2. THE PURESEC AFFILIATES UNDER, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE FEES YOU HAVE PAID TO PURESEC (IF ANY) UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH CUSTOMER BRINGS ITS CLAIM.

6.3. THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY: (A) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW; (B) EVEN IF PURESEC OR A PURESEC AFFILIATE HAS BEEN ADVISED, OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE, OF THE POSSIBILITY OF LOSSES, DAMAGES, OR COSTS; (C) EVEN IF ANY REMEDY IN THIS AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; AND (D) REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OR BASIS OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER CONTRACT OR TORT LIABILITY.

7. CONFIDENTIALITY. The Software, including any information and documentation related thereto that are not in the public domain (the "Confidential Information"), are proprietary and confidential information of PureSec. You shall keep in full confidence any information in connection with the Confidential Information and under access and use restrictions sufficient to protect copying, usage or disclosure thereof. Such restrictions will be reasonable and at least as stringent as those applied to Your most valuable confidential and proprietary information. No Confidential Information shall be disclosed by You to any third party, unless PureSec has agreed to such disclosure in writing and in advance. The provisions of this Section shall remain in full force and effect after termination or expiration of this Agreement for whatever reason. COMBINED AGGREGA TE LIABILITY OF PURESEC AND ALL

8. TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1. Term. This Agreement, unless terminated in accordance herewith, shall commence and continue in full force and effect.

8.2. Termination by PureSec for Cause. PureSec may terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Customer (which may be via email or via the functionality of the Software): (a) if Customer commits a material breach under this Agreement (and default of any payment obligation shall be deemed a material breach) and fails to cure that breach within ten (10) days of its receipt of written notice of such breach; and/or (b) upon the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of Customer: (i) a receiver is appointed for Customer, which appointment is not dismissed within sixty (60) days; (ii) Customer makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) Customer commences, or has commenced against it, proceedings under any bankruptcy, insolvency or debtor’s relief Law, which proceedings are not dismissed within sixty (60) days; or (iv) Customer is liquidating, dissolving or ceasing normal business operations. For any termination by PureSec in accordance with the foregoing, PureSec will not be liable for any damages or losses incurred or suffered by Customer as a result of such termination.

8.3. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement the License will automatically terminate and be deemed revoked, and Customer must immediately cease all use of the Software. Sections 4 (Ownership) through 7 (Confidentiality), 8.3 (Effect of Termination), 11 (Governing Law; PureSec Entity) and 12 (General) shall survive termination of this Agreement, as shall any right, obligation or provision that is expressly stated to so survive. Termination shall not affect any rights and obligations accrued as of the effective date of termination.

9. REFERENCE. PureSec may refer to You as a customer on its website and in sales and marketing presentations and may use Your trademarks solely for such purposes.

10. OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE. Portions of the Software may include third party open source software modules that are subject to third party terms and conditions (“Third Party Terms”). If there is a conflict between any Third Party Terms and the terms of this Agreement, then the Third Party Terms shall prevail, but solely in connection with the related third party open source software. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, PureSec makes no warranty or indemnity hereunder with respect to any third party open source software, except as to PureSec’s compliance with such Third Party Terms to the extent applicable to PureSec’s use thereof.

11. GOVERNING LAW; PURESEC ENTITY.

11.1. For Customers located in North America (per the Customer address listed in the Order Form): If Customer’s location as listed in the Order Form is in North America, then “PureSec” means PureSec, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at 1313 N. Market St. Suite 5100, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, and this Agreement, the subject matter thereof, and any disputes between the parties relating thereto, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, without regard to any conflicts of laws rules or principles. Any claim, dispute or controversy under, or otherwise in connection with, this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in Wilmington, Delaware, and the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and waive any jurisdictional, improper venue, inconvenient forum, or other objections to such jurisdiction and venue.

11.2. For Customers located outside of North America (per the Customer address listed in the Order Form): If Customer’s location as listed in the Order Form is outside of North America, then “PureSec” means PureSec Ltd., an Israeli company, with offices at 121 Menahem Begin Street, Tel Aviv, Israel, and this Agreement, the subject matter thereof, and any disputes between the parties relating thereto, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Israel, without regard to any conflicts of laws rules or principles. Any claim, dispute or controversy under, or otherwise in connection with, this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Israel, and the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and waive any jurisdictional, improper venue, inconvenient forum, or other objections to such jurisdiction and venue.

11.3. Customer (a) agrees that any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute will be conducted solely on an individual basis (and not in any class action or class-wide proceeding), and that Customer may initiate such proceedings only on its own behalf; (b) hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives the right to litigate such disputes or controversies in court before a jury; (c) agrees not to participate in claims, disputes, or controversies brought in a general or representative capacity, or in consolidated claims, disputes, or controversies involving another person's claim, dispute, or controversy; and (d) agrees that, regardless of any law or regulation to the contrary, any dispute hereunder must be filed within one (1) year after such dispute arose, or else Customer agrees that such dispute action will be barred forever.

11.4. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the above in this Section 11, either Party may seek preliminary or interim relief in any court of competent jurisdiction worldwide.

12. GENERAL

12.1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between PureSec and Customer with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior and contemporaneous oral and/or written agreements, understandings and statements between Customer and PureSec with respect to such subject matter. Customer acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement it has not relied on any statement or representation (whether negligently or innocently made) not expressly set out in this Agreement, such as statements and explanations in any FAQs, summaries or explanatory guides regarding this Agreement, or other marketing material on the Site (defined below). The language of this Agreement is expressly agreed to be the English language. By entering into the Agreement Customer hereby irrevocably waives, to the maximum extent legally permitted, any Law (defined below) applicable to you requiring that the Agreement be localized to meet Customer's language (as well as any other localization requirements), or requiring an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non-electronic records.

12.2. PureSec Affiliates. At PureSec's sole discretion, any PureSec obligation hereunder may be performed (in whole or in part), and any PureSec right or remedy may be exercised (in whole or in part), by a PureSec Affiliate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, PureSec may assign its right to invoice and receive payments under this Agreement to a PureSec Affiliate. As used herein, "PureSec Affiliate" means, with respect to PureSec, any person, organization or entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, PureSec, where "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, organization or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise.

12.3. Assignment. PureSec may assign this Agreement (or any of its rights and/or obligations hereunder) without Customer's consent, and without notice or obligation to Customer. This Agreement is personal to Customer, and Customer shall not assign (or in any other way transfer) this Agreement (or any of its obligations or rights hereunder) without PureSec's express prior written consent. Any prohibited assignment shall be null and void.

12.4. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, then: (a) the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect; and (b) such affected provision shall be ineffective solely as to such jurisdiction (and only to the extent and for the duration of such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability), and shall be substituted or reformed (in respect of such jurisdiction) with a valid, legal, and enforceable provision that most closely approximates the original legal intent and economic impact of such provision.

12.5. Remedies. Except as may be expressly stated otherwise in this Agreement, no right or remedy conferred upon or reserved by any Party under this Agreement is intended to be, or shall be deemed, exclusive of any other right or remedy under this Agreement, at law or in equity, but shall be cumulative of such other rights and remedies.

12.6. Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of any Party in exercising any right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy. Any waiver granted hereunder must be in writing (for waivers by Customer, emails will be acceptable; for waivers by PureSec, the writing must be duly signed by an authorized representative of PureSec), and shall be valid only in the specific instance in which given.

12.7. Relationship. The relationship of the parties is solely that of independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create any employment, fiduciary, joint venture, agency or other relationship between the parties.

12.8. Notices. Customer agree that PureSec may send Customer notices by email, via Customer's Account, by regular mail, and/or via postings on or through the functionality of the Software. Except as stated otherwise in this Agreement or required by Law applicable to Customer, Customer agrees to send all notices to PureSec, to legal@puresec.io.

12.9. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (such as PureSec Affiliates, PureSec's licensors and suppliers, and Indemnitees), there shall be no third-party beneficiaries of or under this Agreement.

12.10. U.S. Government Rights. The Software is "commercial computer software" and the Documentation is "commercial computer software documentation," pursuant to
        

DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. If Customer is an agency, department, employee or other entity of the United States Government, then Customer's use of the Software shall be subject solely to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

12.11. Export Compliance. Customer represents and warrants (on behalf of itself and its authorized users, if applicable) that: (a) it is not a resident of (or will use the Software in) a country that the U.S. government has embargoed for use of the Software, nor is Customer named on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or any other applicable trade sanctioning regulations of any jurisdiction; and (b) its country of residence and/or incorporation (as applicable) is the same as the country specified in the contact and/or billing address provided to us. In the event Customer breaches this Section (in whole or in part), or otherwise violates any Export Control Laws (defined below) in connection with the Software, Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless PureSec and all PureSec Affiliates (including ours and their respective directors, officers, and employees) for any fines and/or penalties imposed upon PureSec or an PureSec Affiliate (or such persons) as a result of such breach or violation. "Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and re-export control Laws applicable to Customer and/or PureSec, as well as the United States' Export Administration Regulations (EAR) maintained by the US Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the US Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) maintained by the US Department of State.

12.12. Force Majeure. PureSec shall not be responsible for any failure to perform any obligation or provide any service hereunder because of any (a) act of God, (b) war, riot or civil commotion, (c) governmental acts or directives, strikes, work stoppage, or equipment or facilities shortages, and/or (d) other similar cause beyond PureSec's reasonable control. For the avoidance of doubt, any problems relating to the hosting of the Software shall not be deemed within PureSec's reasonable control.
